data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/ConvolutionReverbCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_plate_008.sbs.i
data/Assets/scripts/WeatherAnimator.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/ModifyWave.cs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_SpatializerReverb.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/ConvolutionReverbUploadIR.cs.i
data/ProjectSettings/NetworkManager.asset.i
data/NativeCode/hrtftable.cpp.d
data/Assets/scenes/glottal.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Road_01.sbs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Granulator.cpp.i
data/Assets/mixers/speaker routing.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/bricks_032.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Editor.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/concrete_049.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Desert_Sand_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/ModifyWave.cs.i
data/Assets/physics materials/floor.physicMaterial.i
data/NativeCode/UWP/AudioPluginDemo.vcxproj.filters.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/BrickWall_02.sbsar.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleport.exp.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorDebug.cs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/TeleportDemoOSX.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_plate_008.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Desert_Sand_01.sbs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Electric_Liquid.sbs.i
data/Assets/scripts/ImpactNoiseGenerator.cs.i
data/Assets/scenes.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/GUIHelpers.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/SpeakerRouting.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/vocoder.mixer.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Spatializer.cpp.i
data/Assets/scenes/spatialization.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/Clicker.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_floor_003.sbs.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/GranulatorCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/sci_fi_003.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/scenes/vocoder.unity.i
data/Assets/sounds/scraping.ogg.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/bricks_032.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/scripts/ShowPlayPos.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/voicefx.unity.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/LoudnessMeterCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/roofing_007.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86_64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/scenes/engine.unity.i
data/Assets/scripts/AudioRecorder.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorController.cs.i
data/NativeCode/UWP/AudioPluginDemo.sln.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/version.plist.i
data/Assets/Editor/AudioPluginDemoGUI.dll.i
data/Assets/sounds/scraping.ogg.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/vocoder.unity.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleport_Prefix.pch.i
data/Assets/scripts/MicrophoneFeed.cs.i
data/Assets/mixers/midisynthesizer.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds/loop.ogg.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/concrete_049.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/sci_fi_003.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Desert_Sand_01.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Shutter_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/FireSelector.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/stylistic.mp3.i
data/Assets/scripts.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/stylistic.mp3.d
data/NativeCode/Plugin_TeeBee.cpp.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/roofing_007.sbs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleport.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata.i
data/UnityPackageManager/manifest.json.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator fractal demo.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/voicefx.mixer.i
data/UnityNativeAudioPluginSDK.pdf.i
data/UnityNativeAudioPluginSDK.pdf.d
data/NativeCode/VisualStudio/AudioPluginDemo.vcxproj.i
data/Assets/scenes/glottal.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/fire.mixer.meta.i
data/Documentation/AmbisonicAudio.pdf.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Camouflage_02.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_plate_005.sbsprs.i
data/Documentation/AmbisonicAudio.pdf.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86_64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/materials/metal.mat.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorUploadSample.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/EngineControl.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_TubeResonator.cpp.i
data/Assets/scenes/swords.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/wahwah.mixer.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport.component_prebuilt.zip.d
data/Assets/sounds/water.mp3.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/sci_fi_003.sbsar.i
data/Assets/scenes/engine.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/ConvolutionReverbUploadIR.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/KeySampleTrigger.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/VoiceFXModulations.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/glottal.mixer.meta.i
data/NativeCode/TeleportLib.h.i
data/Assets/scenes/synthesizers.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_stpatrick.wav.meta.i
data/Assets/demos.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/convolution reverb.unity.i
data/Assets/sounds/water.mp3.i
data/Assets/scenes/swords.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Pavement_Path.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Wood_Planks_01.sbsar.i
data/Assets/mixers/fire.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/bricks_032.sbsar.meta.i
data/Documentation/NativeAudioPluginSDK.pdf.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/Info.plist.i
data/Assets/scripts/CircularMotion.cs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleport.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj.i
data/Assets/scripts/ImpactNoiseGenerator.cs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport.component_prebuilt.zip.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Cereals.sbsprs.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/EditorBuildSettings.asset.i
data/Assets/scripts/NoiseSweep.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator live demo.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Electric_Liquid.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Road_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_york.wav.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_NoiseBox.cpp.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_york.wav.d
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_york.wav.i
data/Assets/scenes/metering.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/physics2.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/FireSelector.cs.i
data/ProjectSettings/UnityConnectSettings.asset.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/bricks_032.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/MoveController.cs.i
data/Assets/sounds/horse.ogg.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/BrickWall_02.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/mixers/swords.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/metering.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Editor/AudioPluginDemoGUI.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_plate_008.sbsar.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/ModalFilterCustomGUI.cs.i
data/ProjectSettings/ProjectVersion.txt.i
data/Assets/scripts/SpatializerUserParams.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator pitch shifting.unity.i
data/Assets/sounds/vocal1.ogg.i
data/NativeCode/UWP/AudioPluginDemo.vcxproj.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_plate_005.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_plate_008.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/PitchDetectDemo.cs.i
data/ProjectSettings/TimeManager.asset.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator pitch shifting.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Wood_Planks_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/concrete_049.sbsprs.i
data/NativeCode/PluginList.h.i
data/NativeCode/AudioPluginUtil.cpp.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Cereals.sbsar.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/English.lproj/InfoPlist.strings.i
data/Assets/scripts/DemoSelector.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/fire.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/BrickWall_02.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/engine.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds/speech.wav.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/teleport.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/weather.mixer.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_ImpactGenerator.cpp.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_plate_008.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Road_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/bricks_032.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/physics1.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/Plugins/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/mixers/wahwah.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/roofing_007.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/FullscreenShader.cs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_RingModulator.cpp.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Synthesizer.cpp.i
data/Assets/mixers/convolution reverb.mixer.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_ModalFilter.cpp.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_floor_003.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/roofing_007.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/hammer.wav.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/MultibandCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/scenes/pitch detection.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/hammer.wav.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/roofing_007.sbs.i
data/Assets/mixers/synthesizers.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Wood_Planks_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/VoiceFXModulations.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Road_01.sbsar.i
data/Assets/mixers/synthesizers.mixer.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/Physics2DSettings.asset.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/roofing_007.sbsar.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator live demo.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds/speech.wav.i
data/Assets/scripts/SilentAudioSource.cs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/SetStartTime.cs.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/SetStartTime.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Pavement_01.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Stones_01.sbsar.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Lofinator.cpp.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.meta.i
data/Documentation/NativeAudioPluginSDK.pdf.d
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_stpatrick.wav.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Wood_Planks_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/horse.ogg.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/weather.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Pavement_Path.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Electric_Liquid.sbsar.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AudioPluginDemo.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_carpark.wav.i
data/Assets/sounds/car.ogg.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator fractal demo.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_carpark.wav.d
data/Assets/physics materials.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/midisynthesizer.unity.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator live demo.unity.i
data/Assets/scenes/speakerrouting.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.d
data/Assets/sounds/loop.ogg.d
data/Assets/scenes/physics1.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/MoveController.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_floor_003.sbsar.i
data/ProjectSettings/GraphicsSettings.asset.i
data/Assets/scenes/physics2.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Pavement_Path.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/sci_fi_003.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/materials.meta.i
data/Assets/materials/granulator fractal.mat.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Shutter_01.sbs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Road_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/wahwah.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/PitchDetectDemo.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_plate_005.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator fractal demo.unity.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Pavement_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/MidiSynthPhrase.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.d
data/Assets/Plugins/x86_64.meta.i
data/Assets/materials/granulator fractal.mat.meta.i
data/.editorconfig.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/BrickWall_02.sbs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_CorrelationMeter.cpp.i
data/NativeCode/AudioPluginInterface.h.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Desert_Sand_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Stones_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/mixers/convolution reverb.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/materials/routingtest.mat.meta.i
data/Assets/shaders.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/scenes/teleport.unity.i
data/Assets/scenes/midisynthesizer.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Camouflage_02.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/BrickWall_02.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/AudioRecorder.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Stones_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/FullscreenShader.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Wood_Planks_01.sbs.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleport.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/DemoSelectorBackButton.cs.i
data/Assets/mixers/teleport demo.mixer.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/EqualizerCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/materials/concrete.mat.i
data/Assets/scripts/DemoSelectorBackButton.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorUploadSample.cs.i
data/Assets/scenes/spatialization.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Shutter_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Teleport.cpp.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AudioPluginDemo.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/convolution reverb.unity.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/EditorSettings.asset.i
data/Assets/scripts/FlyCam.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86_64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/voicefx.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/sci_fi_003.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/engine.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers.meta.i
data/Assets/physics materials/floor.physicMaterial.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/voicefx.unity.i
data/Assets/mixers/physics2.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_plate_005.sbs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_StereoWidener.cpp.i
data/Assets/sounds/hammer.wav.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Cereals.sbsar.meta.i
data/NativeCode/BuildTeleportDemo.sh.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.i
data/Assets/sounds/speech.wav.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Cereals.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/demos.unity.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.d
data/Assets/scenes/weather.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Pavement_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/scripts/PhysicsSpawner.cs.meta.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/Assets/mixers/metering.mixer.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/Info.plist.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/bricks_032.sbs.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorDebug.cs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Multiband.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/SineOsc.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/concrete_049.sbsar.i
data/Assets/materials/wall.mat.i
data/Assets/scripts/PhysicsSpawner.cs.i
data/Assets/mixers/spatializerreverb.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Cereals.sbs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Electric_Liquid.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/wahwah.unity.i
data/README.md.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Electric_Liquid.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/materials/concrete.mat.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/NavMeshAreas.asset.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/vocoder.mixer.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/InputManager.asset.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/OscilloscopeCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/MicrophoneFeed.cs.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/ProjectSettings.asset.i
data/LICENSE.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Shutter_01.sbsar.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/concrete_049.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator fractal demo.mixer.i
data/Assets/scenes/velvetreverb.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_plate_005.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/pitch detection.mixer.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_stpatrick.wav.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Shutter_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/MacOS.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_LevelMixer.cpp.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/Info.plist.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Road_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/scripts/ImpactSignal.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Electric_Liquid.sbsar.i
data/Assets/scripts/SpatializerUserParams.cs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Oscilloscope.cpp.i
data/Assets/materials/metal.mat.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Vocoder.cpp.i
data/Assets/scenes/metering.unity.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Equalizer.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/DemoSelector.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Camouflage_02.sbsar.i
data/NativeCode/BuildTeleportDemo.bat.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/sci_fi_003.sbs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/Info.plist.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/NoiseSweep.cs.i
data/NativeCode/TeleportLib.cpp.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_ImpulseGenerator.cpp.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/AudioPluginDemoGUI.csproj.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Camouflage_02.sbs.i
data/Assets/scripts/Clicker.cs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_WahWah.cpp.i
data/Assets/scenes/physics2.unity.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/physics1.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_plate_008.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Pavement_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/AudioPluginDemoGUI.sln.i
data/Assets/scenes/granulator pitch shifting.unity.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Makefile.i
data/Assets/scripts/CircularMotion.cs.i
data/NativeCode/TeleportDemo.exe.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_floor_003.sbsprs.i
data/NativeCode/VisualStudio/AudioPluginDemo.sln.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Shutter_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/BrickWall_02.sbs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator live demo.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/stylistic.mp3.meta.i
data/NativeCode/AudioPluginUtil.h.i
data/Assets/Plugins/x86/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/QualitySettings.asset.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/readme.txt.i
data/ProjectSettings/TagManager.asset.i
data/Assets/mixers/midisynthesizer.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Pavement_Path.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Desert_Sand_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_LoudnessMeter.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/GranulatorController.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Stones_01.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/ShowPlayPos.cs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.dll.d
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM/AudioPluginDemo.dll.i
data/Assets/sounds/uss.ogg.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_Routing.cpp.i
data/Assets/Plugins.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/car.ogg.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/MathHelpers.cs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AudioPluginDemo.d
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AudioPluginDemo.i
data/Assets/scenes/fire.unity.i
data/Assets/sounds/vocal1.ogg.meta.i
data/NativeCode/UWP/AudioPluginDemo.def.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Desert_Sand_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/materials/wall.mat.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/synthesizers.unity.i
data/Assets/scripts/GlottalControl.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/concrete_049.sbs.i
data/ProjectSettings/DynamicsManager.asset.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AudioPluginDemo.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj.i
data/Assets/mixers/spatializerreverb.mixer.i
data/Assets/scripts/ImpactSignal.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_PitchDetector.cpp.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_TeeDee.cpp.i
data/Assets/mixers/pitch detection.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/weather.unity.i
data/Assets/scripts/EngineControl.cs.i
data/Assets/mixers/glottal.mixer.i
data/Assets/scripts/MidiSynthPhrase.cs.i
data/Assets/sounds/impulseresponses/ir_carpark.wav.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/AudioManager.asset.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Wood_Planks_01.sbsprs.i
data/Assets/scenes/velvetreverb.unity.i
data/GUICode/AudioPluginDemoGUI/CorrelationMeterCustomGUI.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/SineOsc.cs.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Pavement_Path.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Plugins/AudioPluginDemo.bundle.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/physics1.mixer.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Stones_01.sbs.i
data/NativeCode/Plugin_ConvolutionReverb.cpp.i
data/Assets/scripts/SilentAudioSource.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/sounds/loop.ogg.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/x86/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.meta.i
data/Assets/scripts/KeySampleTrigger.cs.meta.i
data/Assets/mixers/swords.mixer.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.dll.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Camouflage_02.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/Stones_01.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/pitch detection.unity.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Pavement_01.sbs.i
data/NativeCode/VisualStudio/AudioPluginDemo.vcproj.i
data/Assets/mixers/speaker routing.mixer.meta.i
data/ProjectSettings/ClusterInputManager.asset.i
data/Assets/scripts/SpeakerRouting.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/GlottalControl.cs.i
data/Assets/sounds/uss.ogg.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Pavement_Path.sbs.i
data/Assets/Plugins/UWP/ARM64/AudioPluginDemo.pdb.i
data/Assets/shaders/granulator fractal.shader.meta.i
data/Documentation/AudioSpatializerSDK.pdf.d
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_presets/metal_floor_003.sbsprs.meta.i
data/Documentation/AudioSpatializerSDK.pdf.i
data/ProjectSettings/NavMeshLayers.asset.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Pavement_01.sbsar.meta.i
data/NativeCode/Xcode/AUTeleport/AUTeleportVersion.h.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/metal_plate_005.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/shaders/granulator fractal.shader.i
data/Assets/mixers/teleport demo.mixer.i
data/Assets/mixers/granulator pitch shifting.mixer.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbsar/Camouflage_02.sbsar.meta.i
data/Assets/scenes/speakerrouting.unity.i
data/Assets/scripts/FlyCam.cs.i
data/Assets/scripts/WeatherAnimator.cs.i
data/NativeCode/TeleportDemo.cpp.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/Cereals.sbs.meta.i
data/Assets/Substances_Free/Substance_Free_Collection_sbs/metal_floor_003.sbs.i
data/Assets/materials/routingtest.mat.i
data/NativeCode/hrtftable.cpp.i
